Hello and welcome to the Functional JavaScript course.
My name is Alyssa Hope and I'm going to be your instructor.
As for a little bit about me,
I'm a full-stack developer and primarily use JavaScript in my day-to-day work.
I also have experience as an instructor.
I was the lead instructor of a San Diego bootcamp and also taught
the build tool section of Udacity's Front End Nanodegree Program.
I don't have a background in computer science.
Shout out to all the English majors out there.
But it makes me especially excited to teach this course that dives
a little bit more into the academic side of programming and computer science.